[Music]
25 edited rules that everyone should
know do you think you're a real
gentleman or probably you call yourself
a lady of high manners wouldn't it be
great to learn if we are following all
etiquette rules perhaps there are some
that we are missing don't get scared
etiquette is all about how to behave
beautifully unfortunately many people
consider respect for the rules of
etiquette as something shameful
considering it a feature of classiest
seats or removed from real life
in fact the basic rules of etiquette are
pretty simple it's a culture of speech
common courtesy neat appearance and
control over your emotions here are 25
edited rules that every self-respecting
person should know
rule number 25 if you say I invite you
that means you pay you may say let's go
to a restaurant and in this case
everyone pays for themselves if a man
offers to pay for a woman she can agree
or refuse that's up to her rule number
24 never pay a visit without calling
first if someone came to see you without
warning you might be wearing a bathrobe
and hair curlers one British lady like
to say that one uninvited guest showed
up on her doorstep she always put shoes
on and grabbed a hat and an umbrella if
she liked the person she exclaimed I
just got home if not she sighed and said
oh what a pity I was just on my way out
a nice trick to get rid of unwanted
guests isn't it
rule number 23 did you ever have a
situation where your opposite in
conversation kept checking his phone now
and then wasn't that nasty good news
rule 23 says don't put your phone on the
table in public by doing so you show
what an important role this device plays
in your life how bored you are of what's
happening so don't check your Instagram
answer a call or try to achieve new
levels in Angry Birds while talking to
someone please respect them
rule number 22 don't invite a girl on
the date if you're going to be texting
all evening sounds pretty much the same
as rule number 23 but with a girlfriend
the situation will be exaggerated a
hundred times more after all why go on a
date if you have more important things
to do
rule number 21 do you ever feel awkward
carrying a ladies bag what if we tell
you that a man never carries a woman's
handbag great isn't it however he can't
take her coat to carry it to the
cloakroom rule number 20 what do you
usually do if you're walking along with
someone and your companion greets a
person you don't know do you think you
should greet them as well or should you
simply ignore them yes the first option
will be the correct one you should also
greet them
rule number 19 how do you eat sushi with
chopsticks or without most people
believe that the only proper way of
eating sushi is using chopsticks however
it depends and we have great news for
men they unlike women can eat sushi with
their hands do you feel that is fair
rule number 18 your shoes should always
be clean yes and no excuses about rain
or crowded public transport should be
there even if someone stepped on your
shoe you should wipe it with a special
shoe napkin as soon as possible rule
number 17
avoid meaningless talk on the phone if
you need someone to talk to
it's better to meet with them in person
say stop to those huge bills for mobile
connections rule number 16 now a simple
thing to make our world a better place
to live in
if someone offends you shouldn't return
the favor or raise your voice to the
person who insulted you don't sink to
their level just smile and leave the
ill-mannered company rule number 50
a man should always walk on a woman's
left-hand side military men are the only
exception because they should be ready
to salute hmm interesting
did you know that before rule number 14
drivers should remember that puddle
splashing of a passerby is an immoral
behavior anyway it'd be good if they got
a penalty for such behavior right rule
number 13 how many times have you
regretted telling your friend a secret
next time before revealing an important
thing in your life keep in mind the nine
things should be kept secret age wealth
family quarrels religion medical
problems love affairs gifts honor and
disgrace
rule number twelve in the cinema theater
or concert hall you should move to your
seat facing those sitting moreover a man
goes first rule number 11 a man should
never touch a woman without her
permission this means that it is
unacceptable to hold her hand touch her
during a conversation and push her or
take her hand above the elbow unless a
man is helping her to get into her out
of a car or across the street rule
number ten if someone calls to you
rudely for example you there you
shouldn't answer be a model of good
etiquette and polite social manners
don't shout back at them or to them be
nice
rule number nine are you a perfume lover
if yes then you should remember the
following thing the golden rule when
using perfume is moderation if you can
still smell your perfume in the evening
everyone else is already tired of it
rule number eight a well-bred man will
always show proper respect to a woman
yes just keep that in mind
rule number seven in a woman's presence
men may only smoke with her permission
or try not to smoke at all smoking is
not a habit to be proud of hence there
is no need to show her your addictions
and weaknesses rule number six whoever
you are a company director and academic
a senior woman or a student when you
enter a room you should be the first
person to greet everyone there rule
number five respect the privacy of
correspondence parents shouldn't read
their children's letters couples should
show the same respect for each other
checking someone's pockets in search of
love notes letters and other things is
extremely rude stop doing that
rule number four don't try to chase
fashions it's better to wear nice even
if not fashionable things then look
awful in a brand new suit after all a
real sense of style is there inside you
all you need to do is search for it
within yourself rule number three if you
are forgiven after you've apologized
don't touch the offensive subject again
just to say you're sorry you should try
to avoid such mistakes in the future no
need to discuss the situation over and
over again until a person gets offended
by you one more time
rule number two avoid laughing and
talking too loudly as well as staring at
people it is insulting yes no matter how
strongly you like that girl stop gazing
at her rule number one don't forget to
thank your loved ones relatives and
friends they help you not because they
have to it's their wish appreciate them
and say that to them a little more often
the world will become a little brighter
as Jack Nicholson an American actor said
I think much of decency how to pass a
plate not to shout from one room to
another not to open a closed door
without knocking let a lady pass these
endless simple rules aim to make life
better I pay close attention to my
manners etiquette matters it's a simple
and comprehensible language of mutual
respect let's respect each other do you
know any other etiquette rules share
them in the comment section below don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join us on
the bright side of life